ios/README.md, before:

# Jitsi Meet Plugin for iOS

This plugin uses the Jitsi SDK 2.9.0 for iOS.

### Usage

1. npm install capacitor-jitsi-meet, then use it as a Capacitor Plugin

```
import { Plugins } from '@capacitor/core';
import 'capacitor-jitsi-meet';

const { Jitsi } = Plugins;
const result = await Jitsi.joinConference({
   roomName: 'room1', // room identifier for the conference
   url: 'https://meet.jit.si' // endpoint of the Jitsi Meet video bridge
   startWithAudioMuted: true, // start with audio muted
   startWithVideoMuted: false // start with video muted
});

window.addEventListener('onConferenceJoined', () => {
    // do things here
});
window.addEventListener('onConferenceLeft', () => {
    // do things here
});

```

2. npx cap sync

3. Turn off Bitcode in the app target as well as the pod targets. In xcode Project Navigator,


   i. Pods -> Project -> Pods -> Build Settings -> Enable Bitcode -> No
   
   ii Pods -> Targets -> CapacitorJitsiMeet -> Build Settings -> Enable Bitcode -> No
   

4. Use Swift 5 for the Capacitor target. In Xcode Project Navigator,

    i. Pods -> Targets -> Capacitor -> Build Settings -> Swift Language Version -> Swift 5

5. Deploy it to your device

### Optional: API Documentations and Modifying the Plugin

### JitsiMeetView class

The `JitsiMeetView` class is the entry point to the Jitsi Meet SDK. It a subclass of
`UIView` which renders a full conference in the designated area.

#### delegate

Property to get/set the `JitsiMeetViewDelegate` on `JitsiMeetView`.

#### defaultURL

Property to get/set the default base URL used to join a conference when a
partial URL (e.g. a room name only) is specified to
`loadURLString:`/`loadURLObject:`. If not set or if set to `nil`, the default
built in JavaScript is used: https://meet.jit.si.

NOTE: Must be set (if at all) before `loadURL:`/`loadURLString:` for it to take
effect.

#### pictureInPictureEnabled

Property to get / set whether Picture-in-Picture is enabled. Defaults to `YES`
if `delegate` implements `enterPictureInPicture:`; otherwise, `NO`.

NOTE: Must be set (if at all) before `loadURL:`/`loadURLString:` for it to take
effect.

#### welcomePageEnabled

Property to get/set whether the Welcome page is enabled. If `NO`, a black empty
view will be rendered when not in a conference. Defaults to `NO`.

NOTE: Must be set (if at all) before `loadURL:`/`loadURLString:` for it to take
effect.

#### loadURL:NSURL

```objc
jitsiMeetView?.loadURL("url": this.url);
```

Loads a specific URL which may identify a conference to join. If the specified
URL is `nil` and the Welcome page is enabled, the Welcome page is displayed
instead.

#### loadURLObject:NSDictionary

```objc
jitsiMeetView?.loadURLObject([
            "config": [
                "startWithAudioMuted": NSNumber(value: false),
                "startWithVideoMuted": NSNumber(value: false)
            ],
            "url": "https://meet.jit.si/test123"
            ]);
```

Loads a specific URL which may identify a conference to join. The URL is
specified in the form of an `NSDictionary` of properties which (1) internally
are sufficient to construct a URL (string) while (2) abstracting the specifics
of constructing the URL away from API clients/consumers. If the specified URL is
`nil` and the Welcome page is enabled, the Welcome page is displayed instead.

#### loadURLString:NSString

```objc
jitsiMeetView?.loadURLString("url": "https://meet.jit.si/test123");
```

Loads a specific URL which may identify a conference to join. If the specified
URL is `nil` and the Welcome page is enabled, the Welcome page is displayed
instead.

#### Universal / deep linking

In order to support Universal / deep linking, `JitsiMeetView` offers 2 class
methods that you app's delegate should call in order for the app to follow those
links.

```objc
-  (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application
continueUserActivity:(NSUserActivity *)userActivity
  restorationHandler:(void (^)(NSArray *restorableObjects))restorationHandler
{
  return [JitsiMeetView application:application
               continueUserActivity:userActivity
                 restorationHandler:restorationHandler];
}
```

And also one of the following:

```objc
// See https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplicationdelegate/1623073-application?language=objc
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)app
            openURL:(NSURL *)url
            options:(NSDictionary<UIApplicationOpenURLOptionsKey,id> *)options {
  return [JitsiMeetView application:app
                            openURL:url
                            options: options];
}
```

### JitsiMeetViewDelegate

This delegate is optional, and can be set on the `JitsiMeetView` instance using
the `delegate` property.

It provides information about the conference state: was it joined, left, did it
fail?

All methods in this delegate are optional.

#### conferenceJoined

Called when a conference was joined.

The `data` dictionary contains a "url" key with the conference URL.

#### conferenceTerminated

Called when a conference was left.

The `data` dictionary contains an "error" key with the error and a "url" key with the conference URL. If the conference finished gracefully no error key will be present.

#### conferenceWillJoin

Called before a conference is joined.

The `data` dictionary contains a "url" key with the conference URL.

#### enterPictureInPicture

Called when entering Picture-in-Picture is requested by the user. The app should
now activate its Picture-in-Picture implementation (and resize the associated
`JitsiMeetView`. The latter will automatically detect its new size and adjust
its user interface to a variant appropriate for the small size ordinarily
associated with Picture-in-Picture.)

The `data` dictionary is empty.

#### loadConfigError

Called when loading the main configuration file from the Jitsi Meet deployment
fails.

The `data` dictionary contains an "error" key with the error and a "url" key
with the conference URL which necessitated the loading of the configuration
file.

### Picture-in-Picture

`JitsiMeetView` will automatically adjust its UI when presented in a
Picture-in-Picture style scenario, in a rectangle too small to accommodate its
"full" UI.

Jitsi Meet SDK does not currently implement native Picture-in-Picture on iOS. If
desired, apps need to implement non-native Picture-in-Picture themselves and
resize `JitsiMeetView`.

If `pictureInPictureEnabled` is set to `YES` or `delegate` implements
`enterPictureInPicture:`, the in-call toolbar will render a button to afford the
user to request entering Picture-in-Picture.

## Dropbox integration

To setup the Dropbox integration, follow these steps:

1. Add the following to the app's Info.plist and change `<APP_KEY>` to your
Dropbox app key:
```
<key>CFBundleURLTypes</key>
<array>
  <dict>
    <key>CFBundleURLName</key>
    <string></string>
    <key>CFBundleURLSchemes</key>
    <array>
      <string>db-<APP_KEY></string>
    </array>
  </dict>
</array>
<key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
<array>
  <string>dbapi-2</string>
  <string>dbapi-8-emm</string>
</array>
```

2. Add the following to the app's `AppDelegate`:
```objc
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)app
            openURL:(NSURL *)url
            options:(NSDictionary<UIApplicationOpenURLOptionsKey,id> *)options {
  return [JitsiMeetView application:app
                            openURL:url
                            options:options];
}
```

Commit message:

upgraded android jitsi-meet SDK to 2.9.0, ios jitsi-meet SDK to 2.9.0. Capacitor 2.2.0 is required.
1.4.0


Former-commit-id: de1c4d63bfff3185a7aad3ae19e2ef6ab6ace51c

ios/README.md, after:

# Jitsi Meet Plugin for iOS

This plugin uses the Jitsi SDK 2.9.0 for iOS.

## Xcode and iOS SDK Compatibility

Please note that different Xcode version is required to work with different iOS SDK versions.

iOS SDK 2.7.0 is the last version that works with Xcode 1.3.1. See Jitsi-meet SDK [changelog](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-release-notes/blob/master/CHANGELOG-MOBILE-SDKS.md#280-2020-04-21)
capacitor-jitsi-meet 1.3.9 uses iOS SDK 2.7.0, hence the last version that works with Xcode 1.3.1.

iOS SDK 2.8.0+ is built using Xcode 1.4.1. See Jitsi-meet SDK [changelog](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-release-notes/blob/master/CHANGELOG-MOBILE-SDKS.md#280-2020-04-21)
capacitor-jitsi-meet 1.4.0+ provides support for Xcode 1.4.1+.

### Usage

1. npm install capacitor-jitsi-meet, then use it as a Capacitor Plugin

```
import { Plugins } from '@capacitor/core';
import 'capacitor-jitsi-meet';

const { Jitsi } = Plugins;
const result = await Jitsi.joinConference({
   roomName: 'room1', // room identifier for the conference
   url: 'https://meet.jit.si' // endpoint of the Jitsi Meet video bridge
   startWithAudioMuted: true, // start with audio muted
   startWithVideoMuted: false // start with video muted
});

window.addEventListener('onConferenceJoined', () => {
    // do things here
});
window.addEventListener('onConferenceLeft', () => {
    // do things here
});

```

2. npx cap sync

3. Turn off Bitcode in the app target as well as the pod targets. In xcode Project Navigator,


   i. Pods -> Project -> Pods -> Build Settings -> Enable Bitcode -> No
   
   ii Pods -> Targets -> CapacitorJitsiMeet -> Build Settings -> Enable Bitcode -> No
   

4. Use Swift 5 for the Capacitor target. In Xcode Project Navigator,

    i. Pods -> Targets -> Capacitor -> Build Settings -> Swift Language Version -> Swift 5

5. Deploy it to your device

### Optional: API Documentations and Modifying the Plugin

### JitsiMeetView class

The `JitsiMeetView` class is the entry point to the Jitsi Meet SDK. It a subclass of
`UIView` which renders a full conference in the designated area.

#### delegate

Property to get/set the `JitsiMeetViewDelegate` on `JitsiMeetView`.

#### defaultURL

Property to get/set the default base URL used to join a conference when a
partial URL (e.g. a room name only) is specified to
`loadURLString:`/`loadURLObject:`. If not set or if set to `nil`, the default
built in JavaScript is used: https://meet.jit.si.

NOTE: Must be set (if at all) before `loadURL:`/`loadURLString:` for it to take
effect.

#### pictureInPictureEnabled

Property to get / set whether Picture-in-Picture is enabled. Defaults to `YES`
if `delegate` implements `enterPictureInPicture:`; otherwise, `NO`.

NOTE: Must be set (if at all) before `loadURL:`/`loadURLString:` for it to take
effect.

#### welcomePageEnabled

Property to get/set whether the Welcome page is enabled. If `NO`, a black empty
view will be rendered when not in a conference. Defaults to `NO`.

NOTE: Must be set (if at all) before `loadURL:`/`loadURLString:` for it to take
effect.

#### loadURL:NSURL

```objc
jitsiMeetView?.loadURL("url": this.url);
```

Loads a specific URL which may identify a conference to join. If the specified
URL is `nil` and the Welcome page is enabled, the Welcome page is displayed
instead.

#### loadURLObject:NSDictionary

```objc
jitsiMeetView?.loadURLObject([
            "config": [
                "startWithAudioMuted": NSNumber(value: false),
                "startWithVideoMuted": NSNumber(value: false)
            ],
            "url": "https://meet.jit.si/test123"
            ]);
```

Loads a specific URL which may identify a conference to join. The URL is
specified in the form of an `NSDictionary` of properties which (1) internally
are sufficient to construct a URL (string) while (2) abstracting the specifics
of constructing the URL away from API clients/consumers. If the specified URL is
`nil` and the Welcome page is enabled, the Welcome page is displayed instead.

#### loadURLString:NSString

```objc
jitsiMeetView?.loadURLString("url": "https://meet.jit.si/test123");
```

Loads a specific URL which may identify a conference to join. If the specified
URL is `nil` and the Welcome page is enabled, the Welcome page is displayed
instead.

#### Universal / deep linking

In order to support Universal / deep linking, `JitsiMeetView` offers 2 class
methods that you app's delegate should call in order for the app to follow those
links.

```objc
-  (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application
continueUserActivity:(NSUserActivity *)userActivity
  restorationHandler:(void (^)(NSArray *restorableObjects))restorationHandler
{
  return [JitsiMeetView application:application
               continueUserActivity:userActivity
                 restorationHandler:restorationHandler];
}
```

And also one of the following:

```objc
// See https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplicationdelegate/1623073-application?language=objc
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)app
            openURL:(NSURL *)url
            options:(NSDictionary<UIApplicationOpenURLOptionsKey,id> *)options {
  return [JitsiMeetView application:app
                            openURL:url
                            options: options];
}
```

### JitsiMeetViewDelegate

This delegate is optional, and can be set on the `JitsiMeetView` instance using
the `delegate` property.

It provides information about the conference state: was it joined, left, did it
fail?

All methods in this delegate are optional.

#### conferenceJoined

Called when a conference was joined.

The `data` dictionary contains a "url" key with the conference URL.

#### conferenceTerminated

Called when a conference was left.

The `data` dictionary contains an "error" key with the error and a "url" key with the conference URL. If the conference finished gracefully no error key will be present.

#### conferenceWillJoin

Called before a conference is joined.

The `data` dictionary contains a "url" key with the conference URL.

#### enterPictureInPicture

Called when entering Picture-in-Picture is requested by the user. The app should
now activate its Picture-in-Picture implementation (and resize the associated
`JitsiMeetView`. The latter will automatically detect its new size and adjust
its user interface to a variant appropriate for the small size ordinarily
associated with Picture-in-Picture.)

The `data` dictionary is empty.

#### loadConfigError

Called when loading the main configuration file from the Jitsi Meet deployment
fails.

The `data` dictionary contains an "error" key with the error and a "url" key
with the conference URL which necessitated the loading of the configuration
file.

### Picture-in-Picture

`JitsiMeetView` will automatically adjust its UI when presented in a
Picture-in-Picture style scenario, in a rectangle too small to accommodate its
"full" UI.

Jitsi Meet SDK does not currently implement native Picture-in-Picture on iOS. If
desired, apps need to implement non-native Picture-in-Picture themselves and
resize `JitsiMeetView`.

If `pictureInPictureEnabled` is set to `YES` or `delegate` implements
`enterPictureInPicture:`, the in-call toolbar will render a button to afford the
user to request entering Picture-in-Picture.

## Dropbox integration

To setup the Dropbox integration, follow these steps:

1. Add the following to the app's Info.plist and change `<APP_KEY>` to your
Dropbox app key:
```
<key>CFBundleURLTypes</key>
<array>
  <dict>
    <key>CFBundleURLName</key>
    <string></string>
    <key>CFBundleURLSchemes</key>
    <array>
      <string>db-<APP_KEY></string>
    </array>
  </dict>
</array>
<key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
<array>
  <string>dbapi-2</string>
  <string>dbapi-8-emm</string>
</array>
```

2. Add the following to the app's `AppDelegate`:
```objc
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)app
            openURL:(NSURL *)url
            options:(NSDictionary<UIApplicationOpenURLOptionsKey,id> *)options {
  return [JitsiMeetView application:app
                            openURL:url
                            options:options];
}
```
